Mom.
Mom, help me.
It's black magic. You won't survive.
There's only one way.
You have to inherit my powers
to fight the black magic
that was put on you.
I have half of my powers
which I'll pass on
to you.
But remember, when you take
black magic from me,
it'll stay with you
for the rest of your life.
The powers you receive
will expel all the black magic
that was put in your body.
If you can handle the pain,
you will survive.
Remember,
regarding people that use black magic,
there are only two types.
The first type…
are those who despise each other so much
that they resort to using black magic
to kill one another.
The other type…
are those who have something to hide.
So they use black magic
to harm those
who are trying to uncover their secrets.
Find the woman in that clip...
because it's her…
who put black magic on you.
I'm serious.
How could I want my friend to die?
A dark, shadowy, and scary figure?
You should cooperate with the police.
If you don't tell the truth,
it would be worse.
I'm serious.
How could I want my friend to die?
There was a dark shadow.
It was so scary.
It was all around Ping.
It was terrifying, Officer.
-All right.
-It killed Ping.
Calm down.
Why don't we take a break?
We'll continue this later.
Hey, she's coming out.
-Can you answer some questions?
-Aya!
Does the fierce competition
to be the Cheer Club's center
have anything to do with this incident?
Is it related, Aya?
And before the show,
did you have a conversation with Ping?
We have no comment at the moment
because the investigation is still open.
An interview may compromise
the investigation.
Is it true that it was revenge on your
best friend for winning the position?
-Please answer.
-Please.
I will keep saying it.
I didn't want Ping to die.
You will all think that I'm crazy
if I tell you what I saw.
I don't believe in ghosts or black magic.
But this time…
I saw it with my own eyes.
-What did you see?
-I didn't lie.
Some superstitious nonsense?
What's wrong, Dan?
Well…
at first, I wasn't sure
if I should tell you.
But with what happened to Ping,
I think that I have to tell you.
After what happened to Kin,
I noticed how Khaimook was acting oddly.
She was following Praewa everywhere.
Praewa?
Yes.
I think
Praewa has also been acting odd
since she came back.
I feel that way too.
Since she came back,
strange things have been happening.
Especially before Ping fell,
I saw…
I saw some shadowy figure attacking her.
Like what Aya told everyone.
I also saw
that Praewa had a smirk on her face
when Ping fell.
I didn't dare tell anyone
because I was afraid
people might call me crazy.
I don't know what Praewa is thinking.
But if she has something to do
with our friends' deaths,
I'll find out one way or another.
I don't want anyone else to get hurt.
Be careful, Dan.
If there's anything,
tell me, okay?
Okay.
What should we do now?
I think we have to disband the team.
Or even the club.
I tried my best.
But I don't know
why they keep dying one after another.
I can't do a fucking thing about it.
Even if we don't have our club anymore…
We'll still have each other.
Me.
You.
And everyone else in the club.
We love this club as much as you do.
IN LIGHT OF THE RECENT DEATHS
OF OUR TWO MEMBERS,
WE HAVE LOST OUR KEY MEMBER
AND THE TEAM'S CENTER.
WHICH SHOWS THE LACK OF UNITY.
Is it because of me?
Am I the one who did this to our team?
Come on, Ya.
I believe you.
Why does nobody believe me?
I've already told everybody the truth.
Do you know
why everybody thinks you did it?
That's because of what you did to Ping.
I know you were upset with Ping,
but she was your friend.
When Brave's clip blew up,
she stood by you.
She hurt Praewa
because you were her best friend.
Just admit that you hated her.
Stop lying and making things up.
I might have hated her,
but I didn't want her to die.
That's enough.
Talking about this won't bring Ping back.
So shut up about it already.
Don't cry, Ya.
I'm on your side.
I apologize for calling this meeting
on such short notice,
as well as the statement earlier.
I'm sure you all must have seen it.
I didn't inform you beforehand
because I had already discussed it
with Justin,
and we both agreed.
So we decided to release the statement.
The first rule of the Cheer Club
is everybody stays united
and trusts each other.
Fighting and bullying during practice
are serious mistakes.
Aya,
I hope you understand.
To restore our good name,
and as your punishment,
I'm terminating your role as a cheerleader
effective as of today.
You will regret this.
Hi, Dad.
Hey, Lin.
What brings you here?
I canceled today's meeting
to come and see you.
How have you been, Lin?
Are you doing okay?
I'm okay.
Take care of yourself.
Tell me if you need anything.
Okay.
Why don't you go take a shower
so we can have dinner together?
Yes.
-Mom!
-Get out! Get her out of here!
-Bitch!
-Mom, calm down!
-I hate her! Get her out of here!
-Mom!
Get her out of here!
-Mom, calm down!
-I hate her!
Let's get inside.
-You bitch!
-Mom.
-Get her out of here!
-Let's get inside.
-I hate her!
Let's get inside.
Don't cry, Prae.
Don't mind Mother Parn.
She scolds everyone.
Prae,
you know,
the two of us don't belong here.
One day, when I become an adult,
I will make everyone who looks down on us
accept us.
When you become an adult?
Will I be like you, Sai?
Will I get to wear beautiful high heels?
Of course.
Because I will make you
my companion.
We will be together forever.
Let's get some sleep.
-She'll get it for you.
-I'll get it.
-This one?
-Yes.
-Say thank you.
-Thank you.
-And you?
-The panda.
The panda.
-Thank you.
-And you?
-The pony, please.
-The pony?
-This one?
-Yes.
-Thank you.
-Can I have snacks?
-Snacks.
-Would you like a toy too? No?
-No.
-Thank you.
-Hi.
-I'd like that one, please.
-Thank you.
That one.
-The panda, please.
-The panda.
There you go.
-The pony.
-The pony, okay?
Thank you.
-Thanks.
-Can I have a doll, please?
This is…
the orphanage that my dad sponsors.
Really?
Dan, can you take me there?
What are you going to do there, Lin?
Hello, Deuan.
I'm on campus.
Which one?
Oh, that TV series?
I don't want to do it anymore.
If they don't cast Nat next to me,
then I don't want to do it.
You know what?
You can tell them
that I'm not into horror.
I know I gave them my word,
and they have been waiting.
But it's their problem
because they didn't cast Nat for the role.
Praewa?
What are you going to do to me?
I just want to know…
The girl in the clip with Brave,
is it you?
It's not me.
Are you crazy?
Are you sure?
It's not me.
Do you know
who that bitch is?
I don't know.
How would I know?
You don't know?
Fine.
Praewa!
I really don't know
who that girl is.
Nat doesn't tell me anything.
All I know is that
Nat shared the clip himself.
He didn't lose his phone
like he told everyone.
Praewa, wait.
There's someone
who probably knows who the girl is.
If I tell you,
you have to let me go.
Are you bargaining with me?
Are you going to tell me?
Fine.
Okay, Praewa!
I'll tell you, Praewa!
I'll tell you right now!
Nat told me...
that day...
Professor Pat called Nat and Brave in,
the day the clip was shared.
And it was Professor Pat
who told Nat and Brave
to tell everyone
that it was you in the clip.
I have no idea
why she would do that to you.
Kat.
What?
Get home safely.
Praewa!
Open the door now!
You can't leave me up here!
Help!
Help! Somebody help!
Can anybody hear me?
Help! Can anybody see me?
-Hello.
Hi.
It's been a long time.
You're all grown up now.
How is your father?
He is fine.
The place has changed a lot.
Praewa, the girl you saw earlier,
used to live here.
This is her.
She used to live here.
And the lady who adopted Praewa,
her name is Fon.
Her personal records and information
can't be disclosed.
I do apologize for that.
It's okay.
Fon is a kind person.
She used to visit the children here often.
But since she adopted Praewa and Sai,
we haven't heard from her much.
Sai…
you just mentioned, who is she?
This one here.
Fon adopted two girls from the orphanage.
Other than Praewa,
there was Sai.
Sai was Praewa's best friend.
They grew up together like sisters.
If I'm not mistaken,
the last time you visited,
many years ago,
around that time Fon came
to adopt Praewa and Sai.
After that, something seemed to happen.
I mean, I heard that Sai ran away.
We hadn't heard any news about the family
until Praewa came back today.
I didn't recognize her at first.
She has changed so much.
Are you okay, Lin?
You've been quiet for a while.
What are you thinking?
I'm just puzzled.
Do you think it's too much
of a coincidence?
Why does this seem so easy?
When there are things
we have to work so hard to find,
but we can never seem to find them.
Don't think too much, Lin.
This is good, actually.
Maybe we will solve it
sooner than we thought.
This must be the place
where they used to live.
From the address
we got from the social worker…
From the looks of it,
they probably moved out many years ago.
Are you sure you're coming with me?
Yes.
I think being alone in the car is scarier.
Okay, let's go.
Lin,
let's have a look downstairs.
Come.
What is it, Lilin?
They seemed happy.
I don't understand why
that girl Sai would run away.
To others, it might look like a good life,
but to her, maybe it wasn't.
We can't decide for other people, Dan.
I think…
Praewa's family is not normal.
Let's go back, Dan.
Okay.
Dan, do you think that all of this
is connected to Praewa?
I mean, Kin's and Ping's deaths.
I don't want to jump to conclusions.
But right now,
I think Praewa has the biggest reason
to be angry about what went down.
If that's really the case,
I don't want anybody else to get hurt.
We must find out
what really happened.
Let's get it over with.
I have a lot of work to do.
I just want
to suggest a solution for our team.
How about…
we don't punish anyone?
If we want to protect Aya,
we just have to find a scapegoat
and blame everything on that person.
Shall we just do that, Professor?
Praewa.
You should watch what you say.
It's bad enough for the team right now.
Hasn't it been like this all along?
Don't behave like that with me.
Like what?
I'm not pointing a finger in your face
and yelling at you.
If you continue to behave like this,
even if Justin insists
on having you on the team,
I can still kick you out.
Like you did three months ago?
Let's just talk about this, Professor Pat.
You know
that the girl in the clip isn't me.
So who is it…
that you are protecting?
What are you talking about?
So you're really not going to tell me
who that girl in the clip is?
Get out of my office.
Don't ever hope
that you will get back into the team.
When this thing gets out,
I guess that's
when you're going to start talking.
What are you talking about?
You know what you've done.
I'm giving you a choice.
Tell me the truth
or have everyone know
about that dirty money.
What are you talking about?
You have no evidence.
Don't accuse me without proof.
Praewa!
What?
Help!
Since I can't make you talk,
you have no use to me.
You have sex with women
and show each other the clips?
And you lost your phone?
Yes.
I didn't mean for this to happen.
But you meant to send the clip
to your friend.
For that, you should be expelled.
But I will help you
and the person in the clip.
But you and Nat
have to promise me
that you'll never talk about this again.
I'll take that as a yes.
This is a little token of appreciation
for taking care of my son, Brave.
200,000 BAHT
I hope you'll accept it.
Don't worry.
I'll do my best to help.
I will write a statement
explaining that the people in the clip
are Brave and…
Praewa.
From now on, you will no longer
be the girl in the clip.
Help!
What's going on?
-She's covered in them.
-What…
Excuse me.
What happened, Khaimook?
How did this happen?
Subtitle translation by
Thanatcha Saksiamkul